{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green26\blue22;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c77000\c10200\c8600;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab543
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\\nWhite lights blinded me.(new)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \\nWhere am I?\'a0I surveyed my surroundings.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 \\nThe room was bare, save for the bed I was sitting on.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 \\nI was wearing a white sheer gown, and had some sort of barcode tattoo imprinted on the length of my arm.\cb1 \
\cb3 \\nI traced the length of it.\cb1 \
\cb3 \\nIt read 3452.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 \\nWhy am I here? What is this number?\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \\nThis room feels like a hospital ward, but there is no medical equipment...(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 \\nI could faintly hear sounds coming from outside the room.\cb1 \
\cb3 \\n\'93Her Condition\'85 stabilized. Ready to administer\'85\'94(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 The voices were muffled, but I could hear them coming closer.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 As they approached and their voices became completely clear, my blood ran cold.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93Proceed with the experimental drug. Do not hesitate to restrain the subject if necessary.\'94(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 The door creaked open, and two men in white lab coats approached. \
One of them pushed a metal cart forwards, and the other held... a syringe? \
I shivered. These men were not doctors.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 The man with the cart looked at me with muted surprise, and whispered to his intercom.\cb1 \
\cb3 "The subject is awake. That should not be possible, unless the last test resulted in failure...\'94(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 The man with the cart subtly nodded to his partner.\cb1 \
\cb3 He moved towards me with slow, definitive steps.\'a0(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 One step.(new)\
Two steps.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 His syringe glistened under the white lights.\cb1 \
\cb3 I broke into a cold sweat. There was nowhere to run, and the men blocked the door, my only escape route.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 When he finally came close enough to touch me, he grabbed me arm and readied the syringe.\
In a panic, I tried to slap it away from his grasp, and fumbled to get to the window across the room.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 But I wasn\'92t fast enough.\
 He\'92d grabbed my wrist, and pushed the needle into my arm in one quick motion.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 What... in the world. Pain rang through my ears, and my body felt like it was consumed by flames. \
I shrieked. My vision grew dim, and I began foaming at the mouth.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 I would do anything, anything at all to escape the pain.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 The last thing I remembered was wishing for this.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 This time, I woke up to shades of red.\
 Dark red stained the white walls and the floors, to the point where the original color was indistinguishable.\
 The men in lab coats laid on the floor, writhing in pools of blood.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 I felt like throwing up. Who could have...(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 My train of thought came to a halt as I stared in disbelief. \
The man with the syringe had... stabbed himself?\
 His hand was wrapped around it, and the needle stuck through his chest...(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 Disoriented and sick, I wobbled over to the metal cart.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 There was a file I hadn\'92t seen before sitting on top.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 The title: Mind manipulation.(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 Directly underneath, \
\'93A study of the subject with the ability to bend the will of the mind under extreme duress...\'94(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 Please tell me that this is some sick joke. \
I had... never wanted to kill them. Or did I?(new)\cb1 \
\cb3 It didn\'92t matter anymore. The simple truth is that I am alive, and that two men died by my hand.(new)\
 God have mercy...
\f1\fs22 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (new)}